h1. Fonolo Ruby Library

h2. Description

Ruby library for consuming the <a href="http://fonolo.com">Fonolo</a> web services. Fonolo allows deep dialing of corporate IVR menus to bypass the machine and get directly to humans.

h2. Features

The library exposes all of the methods available in the Fonolo API v1.1 and returns a Ruby hash of the results. These methods include:

* check_member
* check_member_number
* company_search
* company_list
* company_details
* call_start
* call_status
* call_canel

For more information please refer to the <a href="http://fonolo.com/developer">Fonolo developer website</a>. In order to use this library you will need to sign-up for a username/password and a developer key from the Fonolo website.

h2. Example
    <pre>
	<code>
	require 'fonolo'
	
	#Initialize the Fonolo object
	fonolo = Fonolo.new("uname", "passwd", "key")
	
	#Check that your username and password are registered as a valid member
	fonolo.check_member
	
	#Check that the phone number you plan to use is registered with your user
	fonolo.check_member_number("4155551212")
	
	#Search the company directory 
	fonolo.company_search("hotels")
	
	#List all of the companies in the Fonolo database from a certain date
	fonolo.company_list(5, 0, "2008-01-01")
	
	#Obtain the company details retrieved from a search or list with company_id
	fonolo.company_details("company_id")
	
	#Initiate a 'deep dial' to a particular company using the company_id
	response = fonolo.call_start("company_id", "415-555-1212")
	
	#Obtain the call status based on the session id from a call_start request
	fonolo.call_status(response["result"]["data"]["session_id"])
	
	#Disconnect a call with the session id from a call_start request
	fonolo.call_cancel(response["result"]["data"]["session_id"])
	</code>
	</pre>	
h2. Dependencies

* json_pure v1.1.3+ (for JRuby compatibility)

h2. Installaion

	sudo gem install jsgoecke-fonolo --source=http://gems.github.com/